billing updates (#1003)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/billing/cost-explorer.adoc

= Organization billing

Organization Billing provides organization-level visibility into costs, usage, and billing configuration.

> Organization Billing includes the following tabs: Overview, Cost explorer, Usage, Payment methods, and Invoices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page includes the following tabs: Overview, Cost explorer, Usage, Payment methods, and Invoices.
```

== Required roles

At the organization-level, billing and usage is available to `Organization Owner` and `Organization Admin`.

At the project-level, usage is available to `Project Admin`.

== Overview

View total usage trends for the past month or year.

> The Overview tab also displays billing account information, including initial ACU credits, remaining credits, credits consumed month-to-date, and approximately how many days ACUs will last.

Reviewer 2: maybe we can link to the ACU definition here, and explain the acronym in the first occurrence: "ACU (Aura Consumption Units)"

Author: Good idea

This is also where you link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/billing/payment-options/#_applying_aura_credits_to_your_account[redeem credits].

== Cost explorer

> Look into “what is generating cost, and why” in the cost explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cost explorer allows you to see what is generating cost and when.
```

> It displays usage information across all projects and billing accounts in the organization, to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It displays usage information across all projects and billing accounts in the organization, to help you:
```

* Analyze spending patterns over time.
* Identify which projects, services, resources, or providers generate costs.

> * Investigate the financial impact of resource consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Analyze spending patterns over time
* Identify which projects, services, resources, or providers generate costs.
* Investigate the financial impact of resource consumption
```

== Usage details

You can view detailed information about your usage, including:

> * Consumption period: the date the usage occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Consumption period: the date the usage occurred
```
Punctuation in bullet lists is tricky. But it needs to be consistent. I use this rule of thumb: if no other punctuation (commas for example), then no full stop.

* Project ID and name

> * Service: an offering that can be purchased from Neo4j. For a managed database service like Neo4j Aura,  services include compute, storage or networking charges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Service - an offering that can be purchased from Neo4j. For a managed database service like Neo4j Aura,  services include compute, storage or networking charges.
```
In bullet lists we normally use en dashes

* Tier

> * Resource: a resource is a unique component that incurs a charge. For example, an AuraDB/AuraDS instance, an Aura Agent or an Aura Graph Analytics session. We track:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resource: a resource is a unique component that incurs a charge. For example, an AuraDB/AuraDS instance, an Aura Agent or an Aura Graph Analytics session. The following are tracked
```

Author: Neo4j tracks ...

** Resource type 
** Resource ID
** Resource name
* Cloud provider and region
* Consumed quantity and unit: the volume of a metered SKU associated with a resource or service used. For example, for an AuraDB instance, consumed quantity represents the amount of metered GB-hours.
* Total cost: the monetary value of the consumed quantity. Calculated as `consumed quantity` x `unit price`.

=== Export CSV

Export usage details as a CSV file for a selected time period.

> == Usage

Reviewer 2: this is for a different page right? the Usage page which has its own tab

Author: I think we can keep this all on one page, wdyt?

Reviewer 2: we'll retire the Usage page in a few months anyway, so that section will go away

Usage information is available at both the organization and project levels.

Organization-level usage aggregates billable usage across billing accounts and projects.

> Project-level usage reports only include usage for instances within that project. To view project usage, navigate to *Project -> Usage*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organization-level usage aggregates billable usage across billing accounts and projects.

Project-level usage can be viewed separately from the *Billing* menu on the project-level.
```

.Project-level usage
[.shadow]

> image::projectusage.png[width=500]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

=== Filter by time range

* Filter the usage data by predefined and custom date intervals.
* Look back for a period of up to 180 days.
* Filter by `Last 24 hours`, `Last 7 days`, `Last 30 days`, `Last 90 days`, `Last 180 days`  or a `Custom range`.

All instances with usage in the selected interval are listed, including destroyed instances.

.Filter by time range
[.shadow]
image::usagefilters.png[]

=== View instances, sessions, egress, or agents usage

Usage can be viewed by the following categories:

* *Instances* includes a usage summary for database instances.
* *Sessions* includes a usage summary for any Graph Analytics sessions.
* *Egress* includes a usage summary for any data egress from Aura (e.g. Log Forwarding usage).

> * *Agents* includes a usage summary for Aura agent usage.

Author: ```suggestion
* *Agents* includes a usage summary of Aura agents.
```
